Deserializing data in Faust is primarily
a painless operation due to
the simple API that is provided through the topic creation process.
You can see we simply provided a key type and value type.
The key type is primitive because it's a string and
the value type is complex because its purchase.
These simple annotations help files automatically unpack
that data from our Kafka streams into objects for our processor functions.
For complex models, we do need to inherit from the faust.Record.
This ensures that files can correctly handle the data.
You can see that our purchase type now inherits from faust.
Record. This means that we can use purchase as
the key or value type for a faust topic as we have here.
In addition, you'll notice that we have specified that validation is true.
This means that Faust will attempt to help verify that we
received the correct type for the fields we described.
So here, they would verify that username and
currency are strings and that amount is an int.
If somebody were to set the username for example to an int,
that record would fail validation.
The serializer field tells files what datatype to
expect by default for serialization coming from the Kafka topic.
In this case, we specified that we expect to JSON.
Unfortunately, Faust doesn't support Avro.
If you want to use Avro in your deserialization process,
you're going to need to write your own deserializer.
It is possible to define your own serialization codecs,
but we're not going to cover it in this class.
Check out the links in the accompanying lesson text for more information.